Docs: Standard Datetime units limited to millisecond precision (#103610)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-standard-options/index.md

![A time series visualization using custom thumbs up emoji units](/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/thumbsup_panel_v11.0.png)

#### Time format units

All Date & time format units in Grafana (such as "Datetime ISO", "Datetime US", etc.) expect input values to be in **milliseconds** since the Unix epoch (January 1, 1970). If your data source provides timestamps in seconds, these will be incorrectly interpreted as dates very close to January 1, 1970.

To display timestamps that are in seconds since epoch, you need to multiply your timestamp values by 1000 using a transformation:

> - Add a "Calculate field" transformation
> - Set "Mode" to "Binary operation"
> - Set "Operation" to "Multiply by"
> - Set "Field name" to your timestamp field
> - Set "Use" to "Numeric value" and enter "1000"
> - Check "Replace all fields" if you only want to see the calculated field

Reviewer: I wasn't able to follow your steps in the UI. Here's what I think it should be formatted as a task.

```suggestion
1. In the panel editor, click the **Transformations** tab.
1. Click **Add transformation**.
1. Select the **Add field from transformation** function.
1. Set the following options:

   - **Mode** - **Binary operation**
   - **Operation** 
      - Select your timestamp field
      - Select the asterisk (`*`) for multiply by
      - Enter 1000 in the **Field or Number** field 
  - Toggle the **Replace all fields** switch on if you want to see the calculated field.
```

![A time series visualization using custom thumbs up emoji units](/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/thumbsup_panel_v11.0.png)

##### Time format units

All **Date & time** format units in Grafana (such as **Datetime ISO** or **Datetime US**) expect input values to be in milliseconds since the Unix epoch (January 1, 1970). If your data source provides timestamps in seconds, these will be incorrectly interpreted as dates very close to January 1, 1970.

To display timestamps that are in seconds since epoch, multiply your timestamp values by 1000 using a transformation following these steps:

1. In the panel editor, click the **Transformations** tab.
1. Click **Add transformation**.
1. Select the **Add field from calculation** transformation.
1. Set the following options:

   - **Mode** - **Binary operation**
   - **Operation**
     - Select your timestamp field
     - Select the asterisk (`*`) for multiply by
     - Enter 1000 in the **Field or Number** field

> 
> - Toggle the **Replace all fields** switch on if you want to see the calculated field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Toggle the **Replace all fields** switch on if you want to see the calculated field.
```
